Application aware intentions scenario (#251)
hashicorp/katakoda: consul-application-aware-intentions/intro.md

# Application Aware Intentions With Consul Service Mesh

> In this hands-on lab, you will operate a Consul datacenter, deployed using Docker, to configure application aware intentions.

Author: ```suggestion
In this hands-on lab you will configure and deploy application aware intentions to a pre-existing Consul datacenter.
```

> In this hands-on lab, you will operate a Consul datacenter, deployed using Docker, to configure application aware intentions.

Reviewer: Is this intro text for both the beginning and finish part actually what you want? It doesn't feel like it goes with the list below.
